cloud: add v1beta2 Premium API (#22797) (#22826)
pingcap/docs: api/tidb-cloud-api-v1beta2.md

---
title: TiDB Cloud API v1beta2 Overview
summary: Learn about the v1beta2 API of TiDB Cloud.
---

# TiDB Cloud API v1beta2 Overview

> The TiDB Cloud API v1beta2 is a RESTful API that gives you programmatic access to manage [TiDB Cloud Premium](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#premium) instances and related resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TiDB Cloud API v1beta2 is a RESTful API that gives you programmatic access to manage [TiDB Cloud Premium](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier/?plan=premium#premium) instances and related resources.
```
